FFM-8309: adds JS sdk 1.14.0 relnote (#2215)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

#### Feature Flags SDKs

The **JavaScript** client SDK has been updated to version **1.14.0** with the following update.

> * Added a new API `refreshEvaluations()`, which can be called by a mobile app using the SDK in a web view coming to the foreground. This API call updates any SSE flag events that were missed while the app was suspended. (FFM-8141)

Reviewer: I think this might be a bit misleading. `refreshEvaluations` is a function or method that can be called to refetch the evaluations. One potential application is to address this use-case, but the feature itself has nothing to do with mobile app web views.
```suggestion
* Added a new function `refreshEvaluations()`, which can be called to programmatically trigger a full refetch of evaluations from the server (FFM-8141)
```
